hi guys this is fireball evolution with
its beauty of newest video which is how
to install FPS a emulator on your
Android and this is our phone and we
will give you step-by-step installation
for fase now we will and we will show
you step-by-step installation on our
Android device and you can follow this
and install the awesome FPS game unit
app on your phone
so as we will now start with the now we
will start with the FPS installation so
as I hope you that what is FPS a
emulator is someone doesn't know what is
it
it is a PlayStation 1 emulator you can
download the PlayStation when is so from
our side and the link is given below in
the description there are two files one
is the apk and when is the bios of the
emulator right now I hope you enjoy you
tube through and this is a phone and it
was in Locksley's as usual
and this is my fight this is the folder
which is how to tell if a simulator and
all the files you need is in this folder
now we will open it and this is the FPS
see for it right if you give and this is
the BIOS file and this is a software
game which is taken 3 now we will first
install the apk and then the BIOS this
is that's rated fpse and it's install
and cancel we will install it it's
application install now we will open it
yes
it's a disclaimer and okay and we will
press yes it says first instructions you
can read this instruction as we will
show you what is ready destructions for
time being you press ok and now we will
install the BIOS as written it the
instructions - to install the BIOS you
will need to press the menu button as
you can see the menu button and there
will be icon like this and you have to
open it and these are the option system
audio/video input we will click on
system and it says BIOS loading and the
BIOS name is recommended we will tap on
it and located the BIOS and the BIOS it
is industry part as you saw
and this is how to install a 50 emulator
and this is the BIOS as you saw before
and now it says SD card it says if bios
location now we will safety comfort
configuration and this is save as
default configuration we will save it it
says default configuration saved now we
will press the back with it and it was
the same menu and now we have loaded the
bios and we have installed the applicate
this was retaining the instructions and
now we will locate and now we will tell
it the game and it is in the SD card we
taken three and then this whole left and
this is yet again three folder and this
is the Tekken 3
and other tickets even reload and then
certain democratizes and these are the
keys as you can see the triangle circle
X cross and these are the arrow speeds
and it's loaded again three and I will
not play the whole game and as you can
see it's loaded fine thanks for watching
our tutorial
stay tuned for many more videos and
login to our sides I hope you enjoyed
the video